Remove distance count in Travelling screen and on the Travel widget in the Location screen.

Add a check box in the Travelling screen to automatically arrive.

Add an extra screen when embarking down a path to select which seed to carry.

Remove the widget in the Location screen that shows other pilgrims and what they are carrying.

The the Arrival screen, Clear the Your Journey list when you click Continue to the Location.

Continue to Location button on the Arrival screen swaps you back to the Location screen.

tween the map marker that shows where the pilgrim is along the path. If there are destinations queued, then tween based on the whole series of locations.

When you start moving to a location from the map, swap to the Location screen (Travelling screen version).

Remove the Here Now widget from the Location Screen.

In the pot display, the button for planting or clearing, have the time it takes on a new line under the button text, but still inside the button.

When loading the Location screen, the Nursery widget starts with your carried seed selected (currently its None).

Always place the svg icon in front of the plant name when it is displayed.

Replace the text on the Location, Map and Record nav bar links with svg image icons that I can edit myself. Create placeholders for these.

On the travelling screen, the reverse direction button should be at the top center of the

The population meeple bar, the Location Name and the energy UI should all be horizontally aligned along the top of the screen.

In the Travel widget of the Location screen, use the svg icons instead of the unicode caharacters for the destination seed type.

In the travel widget of the Location screen, dont show distance, just travel time.

Add a button in the Pilgrim Record, at the bottom that deletes my Pilgrim.

Add a panel to the welcome screen that explains What the game is, and that the player controls a pilgrim that moves through the world and plant seeds to fulfil their Vision. 

There is a button on the nav bar that goes to the Instructions for the game, which shows the same information as the welcome screen explaination.

Deploy to github pages a comprehensive instruction manual for how to play, and how to set up a server. Be sure to warn people that if they set up a server it is not safe and the reasons why. Add a link in the client welcome screen and instructions screen to the comprehensive rules.

Remove the refresh button from completed Vision rules in the Vision display that is on the Location screen.

Remove the text name that is displayed in the map for the location you are currently at. Keep the On hover titles.

The "You" marker on the map, when in a location, should change to a non-filled circle a little bigger than the svg icons used to show the origin seed of the location, and the You text should be above it slightly.

